---
title: 'Welcome Back!'
description: 'We’re thrilled to kick off the 2024-2025 school year with you! To get you prepped and ready, here are some tech tips and updates to keep you in the loop. Let’s dive in!'
pubDate: 'Aug 12 2024'
heroImage: '/aug12heroimage.jpg'
---
# Welcome Back, Educators!

We’re thrilled to kick off the 2024-2025 school year with you! To get you prepped and ready, here are some tech tips and updates to keep you in the loop. Let’s dive in!

## Tips and Best Practices

- **Update Your Computers**: Windows and Chrome users, you're all set! Your computers handle updates automatically. Mac users, don’t ignore those update notifications. Make sure your MacBooks are running MacOS 14.6 Sonoma. Trust us, your computer will thank you for it!

- **Check Your Sign-Ins**: Double-check that you can log into all your curricular sites. Most of these are tied to your Google accounts, so make sure you’re all set!

- **Test Your Printer**: Before you print a mountain of documents for your students, run a test print. It’s better to catch any printer issues now than to discover them when you’re knee-deep in paperwork.

- **Troubleshooting**: Got tech issues? Don’t sweat it! Shoot an email to [support@carolinaday.org](mailto:support@carolinaday.org), and we’ll get you sorted out as quickly as possible.

## Updates for the New School Year

- **Technology Support Site**: We’ve launched a [CDS Technology Support Site](https://sites.google.com/carolinaday.org/cds-technology-support/home) packed with helpful articles and guides for all your campus tech needs. If you have a question that’s not covered, give [Ryan James](mailto:rjames@carolinaday.org) a shout.

- **Google SSO for Students**: Heads up! Google has updated its policies. Student accounts can no longer use Google SSO to log into **new** apps. Any new sites or apps must be approved by Google Admin first. It’s a quick process, but you’ll need to email [support@carolinaday.org](mailto:support@carolinaday.org) to get the ball rolling.

- **Guest WiFi**: We’ve got QR codes posted around campus for easy Guest WiFi access. If you’ve got visitors who need to hop online, they can just scan those codes. The password for our CDS-Guest network is CDS-Wildcats-2024! (exclamation mark is part of it). As employees at CDS you should be connecting your personal devices to the CDS-BYOD network (use the password: Pine-Bell-Cardinal-Highlander-Wildcats.

- **Smore Groups for LS Teachers**: LS teachers, we have set up your newsletter mailing groups in Smore. Please double check the mailing lists on these Smore groups before sending your first newsletter out. Remember, you should email through Smore and not your Gmail account.

- **Device Carts for Classrooms**: For teachers that have device carts in your classroom (PK - 5 and KS 2 - 8), devices have been set up according to cohort rosters that we were provided. There may be some shuffling as the year starts. There should be naming tape on each shelf already where you can either number or put initials to help keep your cart organized. **In addition**, you should schedule an appointment for Ryan James to come to your classes for Digital Citizenship lessons at the beginning of the year to teach your students how to use their devices.

- **More Support from EO**: From time to time, we’ll have extra help from the Electronic Office to support Logan. 

- **Always Reach Out**: For any tech requests, remember to email [support@carolinaday.org](mailto:support@carolinaday.org). This helps us create tickets so our Technology Department can jump on it promptly.

Here’s to a fantastic school year! 🎉 If you have any questions or need support, we’re just an email away. Happy teaching!
