---
title: 'December Updates'
description: 'Welcome back from our first extended weekend! Here are some tech tips and updates to keep you in the loop.'
pubDate: 'Dec 2 2024'
heroImage: '/aug12heroimage.jpg'
---
# Last Month, Here We Go

Welcome back from our Thanksgiving Holidays! We hope that it was a restful break for everyone. The IT Department has been working with EO over the break for some new upgrades that we're excited about. Please take time to test out all of your technology prior to your teaching day. Don't hesitate to ask for help if you need it this month.

## Digital Citizenship

The IT department has been coming around to classes working with students on how to handle to their devices with care and how to sign in to their devices. If you would like help from the IT department in your classes, please reach out to [Ryan James](mailto:rjames@carolinaday.org) to make an appointment. We recommend following your division heads on how your division plans to implement Digital Citizenhip in your class. Make sure that you have made time to look over the [Digital Citizenship Resources for December](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g_e6SaLkUo7MveOcaOA6benBmWojeQrGwVqq8tkdE8Y/edit?usp=sharing)

## Tips and Best Practices

- **CDS Support Site**: Have you seen the [CDS Technology Support Site](https://sites.google.com/carolinaday.org/cds-technology-support/home) yet? We have put many helpful articles there for teachers, students, and parents. The articles are filtered using your Google accounts. If students have questions about signing in or a specific feature of My CDS, feel free to direct them there first.

- **Digital Access for Students**: For students that are in grades 5 - 12, we recommend that you always provide a digital copy of textual information for students. In most cases, this may be the only copy you need to provide. Cutting down on printing is good for the environment and provides a more live and up to date version for your students. If you need help with this, please reach out to [Ryan James](mailto:rjames@carolinaday.org) for help. If you are interested in digital textbooks to replace your current text, please reach out to your divisional representative to discuss this.

## Updates from the Technology Department

- **PA System**: Electronic Office has been helping CDS get our new PA system installed. Please read all emails from Chris Atwater carefully as they pertain to the new features of our PA system. A joint effort between Safety and Security and IT will lead a training on January 6th, 2025 on the new PA system. If you have questions in the meantime, don't hesitate to ask. 

- **Macbook Upgrades**: For teachers and staff that are experiencing issues with their Macbooks, everyone should have upgraded to a 2020 model or earlier. If you have not upgraded recently, please reach out to us so that we can get you a computer that will work for your job requirements. We plan to our scheduled upgrades in the summer of 2025 as we do each summer.

- **Always Reach Out**: For any tech requests, remember to email [support@carolinaday.org](mailto:support@carolinaday.org). This helps us create tickets so our Technology Department can jump on it promptly.

Here’s to a fantastic school year! 🎉 If you have any questions or need support, we’re just an email away. Happy teaching!
