---
title: 'January Updates'
description: 'Welcome back from our Holiday Break! We hope that it was a restful break for everyone. There are some updates that you should be aware of.'
pubDate: 'Jan 1 2024'
heroImage: '/cds-sign.jpg'
---
# Happy New Year

Welcome back from our Holiday Break! We hope that it was a restful break for everyone. There are some updates that you should be aware of. Please take time to read over these updates. We are very happy that Electronic Office has been working over the holidays to ensure that everyone has a pleasant start to the 2025 school year. 

## Updates from the Technology Department

- **Macbook Upgrades**: Everyone with a school provided computer should be updating their computer regularly. All Chromebooks and Windows computers force updates - so you're good! If you are using a Macbook, then you should be allowing the updates from Apple. For January 2025, you should be using Sequoia. We are currently on version 15.2. If your Macbook is not up to date, someone from the IT department will be following up with you to assist.

- **CDS-Guest WiFi Password**: We have updated the CDS-Guest password for the 2025 school year. New flyers have been posted around campus. Please be aware that the new password is *CDS-Wildcats-2025!*. This password is only for guests to our campus and should never be given to students.

- **PA System**: Electronic Office has been helping CDS get our new PA system installed. Please read all emails from Chris Atwater carefully as they pertain to the new features of our PA system. A joint effort between Safety and Security and IT will lead a training on January 6th, 2025 on the new PA system. If you have questions in the meantime, don't hesitate to ask. 

- **Always Reach Out**: For any tech requests, remember to email [support@carolinaday.org](mailto:support@carolinaday.org). This helps us create tickets so our Technology Department can jump on it promptly.

## Digital Citizenship

The IT department has been coming around to classes working with students on how to handle to their devices with care and how to sign in to their devices. If you would like help from the IT department in your classes, please reach out to [Ryan James](mailto:rjames@carolinaday.org) to make an appointment. We recommend following your division heads on how your division plans to implement Digital Citizenhip in your class. Make sure that you have made time to look over the [Digital Citizenship Resources for December](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g_e6SaLkUo7MveOcaOA6benBmWojeQrGwVqq8tkdE8Y/edit?usp=sharing)

## Tips and Best Practices

- **CDS Support Site**: Have you seen the [CDS Technology Support Site](https://sites.google.com/carolinaday.org/cds-technology-support/home) yet? We have put many helpful articles there for teachers, students, and parents. The articles are filtered using your Google accounts. If students have questions about signing in or a specific feature of My CDS, feel free to direct them there first.

- **Digital Access for Students**: For students that are in grades 5 - 12, we recommend that you always provide a digital copy of textual information for students. In most cases, this may be the only copy you need to provide. Cutting down on printing is good for the environment and provides a more live and up to date version for your students. If you need help with this, please reach out to [Ryan James](mailto:rjames@carolinaday.org) for help. If you are interested in digital textbooks to replace your current text, please reach out to your divisional representative to discuss this.

- **Frustrated with Access to AI**: Are you looking for a way to deal with AI in your classes? Students have access to many AI tools when they are using their own devices like phones, computers, tablets, etc. The school blocks access to these tools on school provided computers. With that being said, it is important to manage your classes and their assignments appropriately to get the desired result from your students. Focus on project-based learning. Use rubrics and scales to help your students learn mastery. Use daily and weekly check-ins to advise studetns on their work. Just a reminder for students that using AI as a tool to complete an assignment without explicit permission from their teacher is a Honor Code violation just like plagiarism.

Here’s to a fantastic year! 🎉 If you have any questions or need support, we’re just an email away. Happy teaching!
